```ruby
arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]

new_array = arr.select do |n|
  n + 1
end
p new_array
```
One `line 2` we initialize the local variable `arr` and assign it to the array object `[1,2,3,4,5...]`. Then, on `line 4` we invoke the Array#select method on the local variable `arr` and pass it a `do..end` block which takes a parameter named `n`. The Array#select method iterates through the calling array `arr` and calls the block for each element of the array `arr` passing in the element to the block.Inside the block the array element is assigned to the block local variable `n`.

For each iteration, the select method checks the return value of the block. If the return value is truthy, the `select` method copies a reference to that object to a new array. If the return value is falsey it does not do anything. Inside the block we are invoking the `Integer#+` on the current object referenced by `n` and passing in the integer `1` as an argument. This method will return a new integer object on every iteration of the block. SInce all Integer objects are truthy in Ruby, select method stores a reference to each object in the calling array `arr` in the new array. This new array is returned by the select method and the local variable `new_array` is assigned to this return value of the select method.

On `line 7` we invoke the Kernel#p method and pass in the object referenced by `new_array` as an argument. This lines outputs the object refernced by `new_array`. The output is `[1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10]`

This problem demonstrates that the Array#select method only cares about the truthiness of the block's return value. And that it returns a new array object containing those values from the calling array for which the block's return value is truthy.


